Update README.md (#5)
JiriLojda/integration-diagrams-net: README.md

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/JiriLojda/integration-diagrams-net)

> > The repository have the [continuous delivery configuration](../.github/workflows/deploy.yml) using GitHub Actions being triggered by the new release and relaseing to `gh-pages` branch. This setup is used for internal purposes. If you want to use the custom element, recommended way is to forth the repos, make a code review and deploy the repository by your own.

Author: ```suggestion
> The repository has the [continuous delivery configuration](../.github/workflows/deploy.yml) using GitHub Actions being triggered by the new release and releasing to `gh-pages` branch. This setup is used for internal purposes. If you want to use the custom element, the recommended way is to forth the repos, make a code review, and deploy the repository on your own.
```

> > The repository has the [continuous delivery configuration](./.github/workflows/deploy.yml) using GitHub Actions being triggered by the new release and releasing to `gh-pages` branch. This setup is used for internal purposes. If you want to use the custom element, the recommended way is to forth the repos, make a code review, and deploy the repository on your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The repository has the [continuous delivery configuration](./.github/workflows/deploy.yml) using GitHub Actions being triggered by the new release and releasing to `gh-pages` branch. This setup is used for internal purposes. If you want to use the custom element, the recommended way is to fork the repository, make a code review, and deploy the repository on your own.
```

> > The repository has the [continuous delivery configuration](../.github/workflows/deploy.yml) using GitHub Actions being triggered by the new release and releasing to `gh-pages` branch. This setup is used for internal purposes. If you want to use the custom element, the recommended way is to forth the repos, make a code review, and deploy the repository on your own.

Author: ```suggestion
> The repository has the [continuous delivery configuration](./.github/workflows/deploy.yml) using GitHub Actions being triggered by the new release and releasing to `gh-pages` branch. This setup is used for internal purposes. If you want to use the custom element, the recommended way is to forth the repos, make a code review, and deploy the repository on your own.
```
